Adding tests and documentation for conversion script (#821)
Azure/ResourceModules: docs/wiki/ConversionScript.md

# Convert Bicep files into ARM helper script

As Bicep is still in a beta phase and many people are used to ARM, it may make sense, to wait for Bicep's _General Availability_. In that case, the bicep module files need to be converted to ARM files. A translator/compiler to do that is part of the Bicep toolkit. To run the tool on all bicep files and do some cleanup, a conversion script is supplied with the CARML library. This page is about this script and how to use it.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---

### _Navigation_

- [Location](#location)
- [What it does](#what-it-does)
- [How to use it](#how-to-use-it)
  - [Examples](#examples)
---
```

> ## location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Location
```

`You can find the script under /utilities/tools/ConvertTo-ARMTemplate.ps1`

> ## what it does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What it does
```

The script finds all 'deploy.bicep' files and tries to convert them to json-based ARM templates
by using the following steps.
1. Remove existing deploy.json files
1. Convert bicep files to json
1. Remove Bicep metadata from json
1. Remove bicep files and folders
1. Update workflow files - Replace .bicep with .json in workflow files

> ## how to use it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to use it
```

The script can be called with the following parameters:

| name | description |
|-|-|
| -Path | The path to the root of the repo. |
| -ConvertChildren | Convert child resource modules to bicep. |
| -SkipMetadataCleanup | Skip Cleanup of Bicep metadata from json files |
| -SkipBicepCleanUp | Skip removal of bicep files and folders |
| -SkipWorkflowUpdate | Skip replacing .bicep with .json in workflow files |

> ## examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

# Convert Bicep files into ARM helper script

> As Bicep is still in a beta phase and many people are used to ARM, it makes sense for some of them, to wait for the Bicep release. In that case, the bicep module files need to be converted to ARM files. A translator/compiler to do that is part of the Bicep toolkit. To run the tool on all bicep files and do some cleanup, a conversion script is supplied with the CARML library. This page is about this script and how to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Bicep is still in a beta phase and many people are used to ARM, it may make sense, to wait for Bicep's _General Availability_. In that case, the bicep module files need to be converted to ARM files. A translator/compiler to do that is part of the Bicep toolkit. To run the tool on all bicep files and do some cleanup, a conversion script is supplied with the CARML library. This page is about this script and how to use it.
```

## location

> You can find the script under /utilities/tools/ConvertTo-ARMTemplate.ps1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`You can find the script under /utilities/tools/ConvertTo-ARMTemplate.ps1`
```

> └───utilities

Author: removed

    │
    └───tools
        │   ConvertTo-ARMTemplate.ps1
        |   ConvertTo-ARMTemplate.Tests.ps1

## what it does

> The script finds all 'deploy.bicep' files and tries to convert them to json based ARM templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script finds all 'deploy.bicep' files and tries to convert them to json-based ARM templates
```

# Convert Bicep files into ARM helper script

> As Bicep is still in a beta phase and many people are used to ARM, it may make sense, to wait for Bicep's _General Availability_. In that case, the bicep module files need to be converted to ARM files. A translator/compiler to do that is part of the Bicep toolkit. To run the tool on all bicep files and do some cleanup, a conversion script is supplied with the CARML library. This page is about this script and how to use it.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest

```suggestion
At the time of writing Bicep is still in a beta phase. For this reason, some people may want to wait for Bicep's _General Availability_ and prefer to use ARM Templates meanwhile.
For those scenarios, a script is supplied with the CARML library, leveraging the Bicep toolkit translator/compiler, to support the conversion from CARML Bicep modules to ARM Templates.
This page documents the conversion utility and how to use it.
```

Author: changed

---

### _Navigation_

- [Location](#location)
- [What it does](#what-it-does)
- [How to use it](#how-to-use-it)
  - [Examples](#examples)
  
---
# Location

`You can find the script under /utilities/tools/ConvertTo-ARMTemplate.ps1`

# What it does

The script finds all 'deploy.bicep' files and tries to convert them to json-based ARM templates
by using the following steps.
1. Remove existing deploy.json files

> 1. Convert bicep files to json

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest to choose between `Bicep `or `bicep ` and use it consistently thoughout the page

Author: done
